# Routemeister
With a frontend built in HTML with Bootstrap and JavaScript as well as ThymeLeaf, and a backend built on Java with the Spring framwork for interfacing with it, this application can be hosted locally or deployed to be used as a route generator. The application was developed by a group at Chalmers Univeristy of Technology as part of the course DAT257.

## Repository structure
This root of the repository contains the following elements:
+ Documentation - Folder containing all the documentation related to the project.
+ Chewbacca - Folder containing the source code for the project. 
+ README.md - A markdown file containing this descriptive text of the repository.
+ .gitignore - A plain text file where each line contains a pattern for files/directories to ignore.
+ Final_report.pdf - A pdf file containing the final report for the project this application was developed for.


The Documentation folder contains the following elements:
+ Planning - A folder containing miscellaneous files related to the planning done for this project.
+ Weekly relfections - A folder containing all the individual relfections from each team memeber for each week, as well as all the team relfections for each sprint.
+ Code_of_Conduct.txt - A text file containing the code of conduct all team memebers have followed during the development.
+ ScumMaster_PO_Schedule.txt - A text file containing the schedule for which team memeber(s) assumed the role of scrum master and product owner each week/sprint.
+ gitinspector.html - The html file generated by gitinspector containing insights of the contributions to the repository.

## Hosting locally
To host the application locally you need to have Maven installed and JVM. The application is written to work in JVM version 17 but can still work in older versions. When these prerequisites are met you can clone the repository and start using the application. Your IDE of choice should detect the the cloned repository as a Maven project and be able to build it from there. Should this not be the case, please follow the documentation provided by the IDE in use for how to build and run a Maven project.

To proceed, locate the runnable java file in Chewbacca\src\main\java\com\kashyyyk\chewbacca\ChewbaccaApplication.java which contains the main method for the application. Run this file in your IDE. This will host the application locally on your machine. It can then be accesed in a web browser by going to:

`http://localhost:8080/`

If you have problems getting your IDE to run this java file, try opening the folder Chewbacca as a stand-alone own project.

## Deployed version
The application is also as of the 18th of October 2022 hosted using the Google Cloud Platform. It can be accessed by going to:

`https://chewbacca-2022.ew.r.appspot.com/`

## Authors (Who's who)

Wincent Stålbert Holm	-	Wincent01

Isak Holmdahl		-	IsakHolm

Viktoria Hagenbo	-	Hagenbo

Lovisa Rosin		-	lovisaro182

Oscar Marrero Engström	- 	Cuturhead

Rasmus Standar		-	rstandar

Marcus Phu		- 	Pipipipiano